{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15480\viewh8840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf0 This is how I set up a verrrry simple SPA without using a framework.  I did this project because I wanted to understand what goes on under the hood of frameworks like React and Vue.  Obviously they are super complex software projects but I wanted to get a better understanding of what a SPA is at its core.  Essentially a Single Page Application is one in which all pages are loaded at the beginning when the app loads.  They just aren\'92t all visible.  With proper routes set up, the user is able to navigate between content without ever needing to reload the page.  This makes for a much quicker and more pleasant browsing experience.  \
\
So how did I make my super simple SPA using only HTML, CSS and JS?  I created an index.html file as the gateway to the app.  Index.html loads all the JS files in the head, including an init. file that loads the home page.  My JS folders were as follows: config, utils, init, templates, controllers, views.  \
\
The utils file holds all the routing functions.  The views functions call a controller function which then calls the render function using the correct template and content as parameters.  The render function then finds the gateway id in index.html and fills it with the templated html. }